Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/ros2/concepts-and-components-overview.md

---

> linkTitle: Guide
> title: O3DE ROS 2 Concepts and Structure
> description: Understanding basic concepts and structure of O3DE ROS 2 Gem

Reviewer: Don't need to add O3DE in the title to save on text space (though I know some topics do this). It's most important to mention O3DE, expanding it to "Open 3D Engine (O3DE), in the description. The description is used for SEO purposes.
```suggestion
linkTitle: Concepts and Structure
title: ROS 2 Concepts and Structure
description: Understanding basic concepts and structure of the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
```
